Jai Shri Krishna
friends, health insurance i.e. medical is
a very good plan for that. I am
explaining to you right now. The name of the plan is
Elevate Health Insurance. You can call it Ka
or Mediclaim. If we
look at the basic features, we get the bills for 90 days
before admission and up to 180 days after admission.
When you are admitted, you get
reports before that whether you are taking any medicines. For the
same disease, then you are
admitted because of that. Even after we are discharged, the
doctor continues some treatment. If the
medicines are continued for a few days, then
we get the bills for pre-90 days and post-180 days. We get
cover for the bills up to 20% of the sum
insured for five years. That is,
our insurance which is 10 lakhs, if
we do not take a claim, then in five years it will become 20
lakhs. And another guaranteed
increase is that if in the
year you take a claim,
you do not get a bonus for that particular year.  But in the remaining years,
you will get your bonus back, this is guaranteed, so in
five years, it becomes your double
insurance. We are entitled to AYUSH treatment in a
government certified hospital.
All day care treatment
which is a same day operation is covered.
Modern treatment is also covered in this.
All of them come with laser treatment.
We are entitled to get money up to road ambulance sum assured
and single private
AC room in this plan.
Along with some riders which we call
optional covers, there are also very nice features
in this that
we can add on these features with a very nominal premium.
The first of these is Infinite Care. This feature is such that sometimes it happens to
us throughout our life that we
spend more than our sum assured. In such a
situation, there is no
limit on the amount of the claim.
So, no matter how much the claim is, we will get it.  You will be eligible to get
100% of the sum assured that is there by doing power bushing, it will increase every year to
10 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, it
will increase by 10 lakhs, if there is an insurance of 10 lakhs, then whether you have taken a
claim or not,
if you have taken this optional cover, then your
sum assured will increase every year. Jump
start is also very good. Nowadays, most of us have
some diseases
like asthma, diabetes, BP,
cholesterol, then all these diseases will be
covered from the 31st day, for which earlier we used to have a
waiting period of three years, but now you
get an immediate start. Non-medical
items, as long as B, all those medical items, we will
get cover in this, that is, their money will
not be deducted. There is an optional cover by modifying the room, that is,
we get a single private
AC room in the plan, but if you want to
take a room of any category other than that, you
can add this on inflation.  Protector,
we know that inflation
increases by a certain percentage every year, so if
our premium increases by the same amount, the
premium will not increase more than that. Maternity benefit is also
normally covered for two years in this plan
and if we want to get it for one year, we can get it done,
so we can add maternity benefit to this plan
and normally if we have
any health insurance, normally if there is an
accident, we
get cover from the first day itself. If we get any disease, whether it is
malaria, cholera, typhoid,
dengue, chikungunya, or any Covid, then in
such a situation we have to get admitted, then
if you have a fresh policy, then there is a
waiting period of 30 days. If there is a
plant surgery, then for some of those surgeries
we have a waiting period of two years and if
we have any pre-existing diseases, then
we have a waiting period of three years for that, then
that will also apply in this plan as it is.
Thank you.